
EPIC BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGIES INC.
PRIVACY POLICY

Last Revised: July 13, 2020

Introduction

At ePIC Blockchain Technologies Inc. (“ePIC”, “We”, “Our”, or “Us” and terms of similar meaning), We are committed to your (“Your” and “You”) privacy.  This means We do not transfer, distribute, disclose, rent or sell any of Your personal information to third parties except as provided for in this policy (the “Privacy Policy”) or as specifically consented by You.
ePIC has developed policies and procedures consistent with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), and other relevant privacy laws.  

By using (the word “use” in these TOU will mean “access or use”) Our Website located at www.epicblockchain.io (the “Website”), or by using the ePIC Mining Dashboard Application (the “Apps”), or any of the digital services and functionalities We make available via the Website and Apps (including any content therein)  (collectively, with the Website and Apps, the “Services”), You expressly consent to Our collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to Our Terms of Use.  

Scope
This Privacy Policy applies to all personal information (“Personal Information”) collected, used or disclosed by ePIC.  Personal Information is any information in any form that identifies or can identify an individual and includes any information provided to Us by You in using Our Services.

Accountability
ePIC is responsible for the Personal Information under Our possession and control.  We have designated a Privacy Officer to be responsible for Our compliance with this Privacy Policy and privacy legislation.

Information We Collect
None.

We respect Your privacy and, unless otherwise required by law, We will not collect, use or disclose Your Personal Information without Your prior consent. Your consent may be expressed or implied. You may expressly give Your consent in writing, verbally or through any electronic means.  In certain circumstances, Your consent may be implied by Your actions.  For example, providing Us Personal Information to register for Our Services is implied consent to use such information to provide You the associated services.

Where appropriate, ePIC will generally seek consent for the use or disclosure of the information at the time of collection. In certain circumstances, consent with respect to use or disclosure may be sought after the information has been collected but before use (for example, if ePIC wants to use information for a purpose other than those identified above).  In obtaining consent, ePIC will use reasonable efforts to ensure that a customer is advised of the identified purposes for which Personal Information collected will be used or disclosed.

The form of consent sought by ePIC may vary, depending upon the circumstances and type of information disclosed. In determining the appropriate form of consent, ePIC shall take into account the sensitivity of the Personal Information and the reasonable expectations of Our Users.  ePIC will seek express consent when the information is likely to be considered sensitive. Implied consent will generally be appropriate where the information is less sensitive. 
You may withdraw consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. In order to withdraw consent, You must provide notice to ePIC in writing.  

Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
Unless required by law, or in connection with a business transaction, Epic shall not use or disclose or transfer Personal Information for any purpose other than those described above without first identifying and documenting the new purpose and obtaining Your consent, where such consent may not reasonably be implied.
As noted above, ePIC does not disclose Your Personal Information to third parties.  Notwithstanding, Your Personal Information may be transferred to third party suppliers, contractors and agents (“Affiliates”) who are contracted by ePIC to assist it in providing and developing products and services.  Such Affiliates will only use Your Personal Information for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy.  In the event Your Personal Information is disclosed to a third party pursuant to a business transaction, ePIC will ensure that it has entered into an agreement under which the collection, use and disclosure of the information is related to those purposes that relate to the transaction.
Subject to the foregoing, only ePIC’s and Our Affiliates’ employees with a business need to know, or whose duties reasonably so require, are granted access to Personal Information about Our Users.   All such employees will be required as a condition of employment to contractually respect the confidentiality of Our Users’ Personal Information.
ePIC will retain Personal Information for only as long as required to fulfill the identified purposes or as required by law. Personal Information that is no longer required to fulfill the identified purposes will be destroyed, erased or made anonymous according to the guidelines and procedures established by ePIC.

Law Enforcement Requests
We will disclose Personal Information without Your knowledge or consent if We receive an order, subpoena, warrant or other legal requirement issued by a court, tribunal, regulator or other person with jurisdiction to compel disclosure of Your Personal Information. If We receive a written request from a police officer or other law enforcement agency with authority to request access to Your Personal Information in the course of an actual or potential investigation into a breach of a law, Our policy is to provide the requested information.

Storage Outside of Canada
Your Personal Information may be used or stored by Us or Our service providers outside of Canada. We require that Our service providers safeguard Your Personal Information. However, if Your Personal Information is used or stored outside of Canada, it will also be subject to the laws of the country in which it is used or stored.

Children and Minors
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13 years.  We will not knowingly collect Personal Information about a child under the age of 13.  We do not allow minors (persons who are under the age of majority in their place of residence) to create accounts, make purchases or enter contests or promotions.
Links to Other Websites and Social Network Plug-Ins
You may be able to access third-party websites through links available on Our Services. You may also connect to social media online services such as Facebook, Google, Twitter and Instagram. 
Any links are provided for Your convenience. We do not have any control over those third-party websites and We do not provide any guarantee that the privacy practices of the hosts of those websites or networks meet Our standards. Your use of such third-party websites is at Your own risk and will be governed by the privacy policies of those websites and not by this Privacy Policy. Do not transmit Personal Information using those websites without reading the privacy policies governing those websites.
NOTE that You may choose to log-in to or register for Our Services through social media online services (e.g., Facebook, Google, Twitter or Instagram).  When You do so, Personal Information from Your social media service account may be shared with Us. The information We may receive varies by such services and is controlled by that service. By associating an account managed by a third party with Your ePIC account and authorizing Us to have access to this information, You agree that We may collect, store, and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for how those third parties use and share Your Personal Information. Please refer to those third parties’ privacy policies to understand how they use and share Your Personal Information.
You may create links between Our website and social media online service.  If You do so, We may be able to publish updates about Our Services to Your social media service accounts through the links that You establish. You may terminate those links at any time by modifying Your social network account.
You may change the way social media sites and Our sites interact by modifying Your privacy settings in Your social media account. You can also log-out of Your social media account before using Our Services. For more information, please refer to Your social media site's privacy policy, which governs Your use of these social plug-in features.
How can I Access my Personal Information?
Upon request, ePIC will provide information to You or a User regarding the existence, use and disclosure of his or her Personal Information.  ePIC will respond to an application for individual access to Personal Information within a reasonable time and at minimal or no cost to the individual. A User may challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate.
NOTE: In certain circumstances, ePIC may not be able to provide access to all the Personal Information it holds about a User.  Exceptions may include information that is prohibitively costly to provide, information that contains references to other individuals, information that cannot be disclosed for legal, security or commercial proprietary reasons, or information that is subject to solicitor-client or litigation privilege. ePIC will provide the reasons for denying access upon request.
Safeguards
ePIC protects Your Personal Information by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.  ePIC will protect Personal Information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification. 
Our methods of protection include:
Physical measures, such as filing cabinets which are kept locked when not in use and restricted access, both to ePIC place of business in general and to internal offices as well;
Organization measures, such as security clearances and limited access on a need to know basis; and 
Technological measures, such as the use of passwords, firewalls and encryption.
Challenging Compliance
An individual will be able to address a challenge concerning compliance with this Privacy Policy to ePIC’s Privacy Officer.
ePIC will maintain procedures for addressing and responding to all inquiries or complaints from Our Users about ePIC’s handling of Personal Information. ePIC shall investigate all complaints. All inquiries or complaints involving ePIC’s handling of Personal Information or compliance with this Privacy Policy or with PIPEDA shall be directed to ePIC’s Privacy Officer. 
The Privacy Officer will respond to all such inquiries or complaints within 14 business days of receipt.  The Privacy Officer will make reasonable efforts to resolve all such complaints within 30 days of receipt of the initial complaint. If ePIC finds a complaint to be justified, it will take appropriate measures, including, if necessary, amending its policies and procedures.
For more information, please contact Our Privacy Office as follows:
E-mail: info@epicblockchain.io

General
ePIC reserves the right to modify and amend this Privacy Policy from time to time in its sole discretion without prior notice. Any such amendment(s) will be posted on our Website and Apps and will be effective as of the date of posting.



